# Creative AI Project

- Let’s Git This Bread
- Erin Connor; erinecon
- Adam Liang; ajliang
- Arijit Pingle; apingle
- Jenny Ruan; ruanjen

All Downloaded Python Libraries used:
* Sys
* Random

The application that our group chose was Creative AI, and to make it our own, we adapted it into a game where the user plays against a game bot with the objective of choosing which of 3 Onion headlines is generated by the Creative AI bot. The game allows the user to choose between different lengths of play and different levels of difficulty for the game bot. Points are awarded based on game result and difficulty of the level, none for beginner, one for easy, three for medium, five for hard and 100,000 for impossible. Scores from each round are stored to unique usernames with passwords each participant sets, and a total score for all rounds played is displayed and sorted high to low on a leaderboard.

For heuristics, we checked all generated headlines with real headlines that were used as training data, and confirmed that no matches existed If the generated headline matched a real headline, the generated headline is scrapped and remade. Additionally, we used SpaCy to track the part of speech of words while generating headlines to ensure correct grammar.

We used RedditBot to present our game visually and using our praw.ini file anyone can run the program using our bot through our team Reddit account LetsGitEecs183 which can be accessed through the praw folder sent on git. For how the game interacts with Reddit, each Reddit post is an instance of a game that is generated with each run of the program and every response to the post is a round of that game which that number is chosen by the player. 

We believe that our creativity for the reach flourished not only in our backend implementations that are described above, but primarily in our front-end implementations. Our goal, since the initial proposal, was to make an interactive experience for the user where the user feels like they are playing a game rather than simply running a program. To do this, we implemented a login system for the user so they can play on the same account as many times as they like, with their scores being saved each time. Additionally, users can change their username, and view their stats through the leaderboard. We believe these features allow for a more entertaining experience.

To experience the game, interact with it through terminal and view the round details on the generated posts on Reddit. You may create an account and password however if you would like to use a default account already associated with the game please use username: CPU1 and password: defaultpassword1. Please choose any length of game you would like but for now only the easy mode has been fully implemented to generate and interact with Reddit however if you would like to interact with the game completely on the terminal or IDE, the beginning mode generates the game however does not post the replies to Reddit. 
